Hi, guys.
WALKER In this lecture, Urban also working on digital pitch.
Now we're going to take this.
We get further and this off screen as the front page you are.
So what I want to do is what is create directory of folder ribbon to create a new folder and they're
going to call this folder detail.
Then over is detail.
You're going to create a new FY and you're going to call this detail on this score.
Page then?
Darts.
And now we can use control and B, to make this right.
And then we can go to set this widget as well.
We can call this detail page.
And over a year you're going to need to alight and then use control and ODS in order to impart the material
to that package.
Now, since we are going to Fred's page, this is not going to be a container, but it's going to be
a scaffold.
Now, to give that wide background and also to have access to lots of properties, okay, for the now
we can have a body, then a centre that stands out, in which case we're going to use then the child,
then the test we did, then the test is going to say detail page for now.
Okay, determine how to train the coma and use control this suit.
Now what you're going to do next is when the user clicks on any of these products, they're going to
be able to navigate to the detail page.
Okay.
To do this, we will need to use control and be in order to make this smaller.
And then they're going to need to go to the product, the single product design and visit over here.
You can just bring this to product I item, right?
Okay.
And now we can use control and B to make this white.
So you can see over here we have the chart, which is the card widget.
And you can see this card we get as a father and every other widget such as the test, the prize, everything
in the image is inside this card, right?
So you can rub this card with a bottle.
So we need to highlight.
Then you've got your own daughter.
And since we don't have this, we get over here.
We can then go with rap, which we did, then double easy gesture detector.
You can also use the equal gesture detector button.
In this gesture, the detector has a property known as on tap.
So we can get great information in over here.
We can do Navigator.
That's of course, contest.
Then that push.
Want to push the dinosaur out?
Okay.
These are the roots.
These are going to be.
We are.
Page roots.
Okay.
Now for the builder.
Get rid of this.
The Apprentice is in the contest.
You can specify the type.
It is a beauty contest, but it is not really necessary.
We can just get rid of that.
And then right after this last apprentice is sorry.
That is for us princesses.
You can then use an eye reflection.
That's once.
No.
Go to the detail page.
Okay.
The semicolon and then use this in order to actually start and save those on, say, twice.
Or you can just put your your vehicle automatic.
What's a savior?
Okay.
Now we can then click on this.
You can see it over the detail page.
Now, what it going to do list is you're going to pass the product item.
The little paths of product to the detail page.
Okay.
To do that, we are in digital.
We are in the product item design.
Right.
Okay.
So you have in the past is able via.
Remember, this rainbow is more like a container.
That stores all the clothes we have.
And for the now we just have.
Too close.
So it's a products.
I told you to rename this to product, right?
Because we're not only going to have closed related products, but every type of products.
Okay.
So.
So this is a variable that stores those two products.
Okay.
So that we can pass it on to this detail page.
So we're really say close.
Okay, great.
Then you can see we are this era because we need to accept this variable or this data that is been passed
to this page.
You can use control.
Then we can then go to detail page.
Okay.
Over here.
A little creative, a variable.
Where you're going, like we're just going to go ahead and specify the type it is the type of clothes,
then the rebel clothes.
Okay.
Now, since we are set in argument.
They're going to take a new shift instead of using this of the past to construct something different.
So the use, the constructs, first of all, create a construct that is the tale page.
So all we just have to say is this it's close.
Okay.
And how to use the vehicle of the valet.
We don't really need this since we just want to accept this variable.
If you had that, I think you're going to get an error.
Okay, now we have access to those products so we can get rid of this all the way is we can hide the
dollar sign.
Then this is going to be close dot product name.
Okay.
It is going to hold three stages.
How to start?
Okay.
Click on this.
Go see the size you can see.
You can click on this.
You can see it's been passed.
Okay, there's the pass.
And that's what we can do is we can get rid of this sitter.
And then we can use a column widget.
So in order for us to have access to lots of property, then to do it right now we are going to have
to stock widgets because on top of that image is going to be on how true to how true that is to go back
to the previous page.
Okay.
I remember we used to place widget in top widget is going to be stuck.
Stark, then children.
Then the first child is going to be a container.
That is a huge container.
For the heart.
That's how long it's going to be.
You're going to see 500.
Okay.
Great.
Now you're going to have the decoration is going to be box decoration.
And now we can have the image is going to be decoration.
The Coalition image rights.
You've seen this before, right?
Okay.
Now you can see this arrow, because what it wants is to pass the argument or one important image is
going to be has sets.
Asus.
Image, then decision to close.
Dot MHRA help.
Okay.
We can convert it to strength or use the other way.
I just.
I just showed you this string.
So those two string.
Okay.
How did you come to.
I'm trying this to save.
Okay.
You can see it over here, right?
Now what we can do is.
Over after the its image returned to the commercial image.
We can just how they come away.
Not very good from that.
Okay.
Well, you know something?
The last field.
I tried to show you this before, but we didn't see it in action.
I study speculative books.
Books filled.
A field.
Right field.
This controversy.
Okay.
Great.
Now, I think this is way too sharp right over here.
So what you can then do we tend to.
Was decoration.
Not the decoration elevation they're going to see, but whether hideous is going to bother is.
That circular.
Oh 25.
Let's see what it does.
Okay.
I think this is way too more like a love letter.
What I mean what I'm talking about The Last Airbender.
If you push that.
Okay, I'm just going to go with ten.
Okay.
Great.
I think it's okay.
Right.
Okay.
Now, let's try to go back and click on this.
So.
Well.
Okay, guys.
See you in the next picture.